Point Raceway race head fourth round of
the Lucas Oil nationals you know I've
had a it's only been a few rounds so you
really can't say the whole season but
you know it's starting off pretty good
there in times every single time and
practice and the Moto's the same thing
just right there inside or outside the
top ten
you know last weekend in Denver I had a
solid moto gone and moto one and there's
a sixty of Matt Lemoine who makes the
move on the innovation so right now bird
is ten Lavoie to the city he's 11
looking coming in here today just you
know top ten in times for practice I got
fourth the first one and then I think I
got 10 to the second one and just get a
good start try to just try the best I
can do and do me not worry about anybody
else the pile gives them and Matt
Lemoine that is the top 15 Matt Lemoine
up to 13
Matt Lemoine is up tonight for me
adapting to this new bike and just
finally getting where I'm getting
comfortable with it but I just need I'm
a small guy so I need to just get some
some strength and stuff you know
especially doing 235 minute Moto's is
pretty dang tough for me and just just
to get stronger man this is the main
thing that I really need to focus on
especially when the break comes up to be
able to rest and get strong